+++
title = "About me"
path = "about"
+++

Hello! I'm Lucas Clark. I'm a recent graduate from UC Berkeley where I studied
Computer Science and Music. I'm fascinated by the relationship people have with
technology, and I love thinking about ways that I can simplify, ease, or
otherwise improve it.

I'm currently looking for a full-time position in Software Engineering,
Information Technology, or any other field where I can empower people through
technology. You can download my resume [here](<../Lucas Clark - Resume.pdf>). If
you or someone you know is looking to hire someone like me, please
[let me know](@/contact.md)!

# Education

I graduated from University of California, Berkeley with two degrees: a B.A. in
Computer Science form the College of Computing, Data Science, and Society; and a
B.A. in Music from the College of Letters and Sciences. In High School, I was
torn between whether I should study Music or Computer Science, and after being
accepted to UC Berkeley, I did some research and realized I could double major!

Most of the required courses for my Music major were surprisingly traditional.
For example, in my first semester I took piano lessons with the university. For
my repertoire, I selected
[Henry Cowell - The Voice of Lir](https://youtu.be/Z1tGjbq-ilI) (1922) and an
arrangement of [Yu-Peng Chen - Moon in One's Cup](https://youtu.be/dy4UGBxH9do)
from Genshin Impact (2020). The jury who evaluated my playing at the end of the
semester didn't like this selection because they were from the same
["era"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dates_of_classical_music_eras) of
classical music. I felt this was a very reductive approach, especially since the
style, techniques, and context of the pieces were very different (art music vs.
video game music). I did take some music classes that approached music with a
more _modern_ mindset. I look back fondly on my discussion-based upper-division
music history class which was focused on the Vinyl LP and the ways it changed
the way we interact with music. I also took a class with
[CNMAT](https://cnmat.berkeley.edu/) that taught Max MSP, a visual-programming
music synthesis program which was fascinating to learn about and use.

My undergraduate Computer Science courses were challenging but rewarding. The
content was sometimes hard to grasp, but once I wrapped my head around them I
could see the applications even beyond programming. One common theme in the
Linear Algebra courses I took was
[change of basis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_of_basis). In essence,
this is the idea that we can perform a reversible action to change our
perspective on a problem, making it easier to solve. This is something that is
broadly applpicable outside of linear algebra and is generally a fun abstraction
to ponder.

I leaned a little more into computer science than music, but I don't regret my
music major. It was refreshing to be studying two subjects that were quite
different, and it helped me become more well-rounded as a person.

# Hobbies

Currently, my main hobby is playing [ITGmania](https://itgmania.com), an
open-source, community-driven version of Dance Dance Revolution. In high school
I designed and built a miniature dance pad for the hyper-efficient stamina
gameplay style. You can watch me play and see it in action on my
[Twitch](https://twitch.tv/lucdar). While at UC Berkeley I started
[Dance Games at Berkeley](https://dancegames.studentorg.berkeley.edu), a club
focused on arcade-style dance games. I raised funding and secured space for our
club's own Dance Dance Revolution machine that I upgraded with modern hardware
and ITGmania. Starting Dance Games at Berkeley showed me how I could apply my
technical skills to make a difference in peoples' lives, and it sparked my
passion for finding ways to iterate on existing systems to make them better.

I have some personal projects that I've been working on in my free time.
Usually, my programming projects are sparked when I encounter a problem that
could be addressed with technology, and I use this opportunity to learn and
practice a technology that I've been wanting to learn more about. (wafflecord
and price-adjustment-calculator are two examples of this).

I also like to cook, play video games with my friends online, and listen to
Northerlion's expertly crafted banter while doing chores.
